Update wording for 'path.cwd' to be explicit about implications (#31212)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/expressions/references.mdx

* `path.module` is the filesystem path of the module where the expression
  is placed.
* `path.root` is the filesystem path of the root module of the configuration.

> * `path.cwd` is the filesystem path of the current working directory. This is

Reviewer: There's a bit of an odd interaction with modern versions of Terraform and the `-chdir` argument which makes this sentence technically incorrect. Here's my understanding of the current logic, worded clumsily, hoping that the technical writing team can help 🙏 

```suggestion
* `path.cwd` is the filesystem path of the original working directory where you ran Terraform from, before any `-chdir` argument is applied. This is
```

> * `path.cwd` is the filesystem path of the current working directory. This is
>   an absolute path which includes details about the filesystem structure,
>   and is useful in some advanced cases where Terraform is run from a directory
>   other than the root module directory. We recommend using `path.root` or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `path.cwd` is the filesystem path of the original working directory from where you ran Terraform before applying any `-chdir` argument. This path is
  an absolute path that includes details about the filesystem structure.
  It is also useful in some advanced cases where Terraform is run from a directory
  other than the root module directory. We recommend using `path.root` or
```

I incorporated the suggestion from @alisdair (much appreciated) with a slight change to the language to avoid a passive voice style issue. Also suggest saying "This path is an absolute path that includes" to avoid "This" with no subject. Also suggest breaking the sentence starting with "This" into 2 sentences for clarity and to avoid having 1 really long run-on sentence.

Author: Thanks! I wasn't able to accept this suggestion via the UI so I pushed a commit adding all of this.

Reviewer: Huh. I don't think that commit made it to GitHub, or it was dropped when I just resolved the merge conflict on the branch. I'll apply the changes again.
